[TH2-5212] added endpoint to request file by path (#5)
th2-net/th2-json-stream-provider-py: README.md

## Release notes:

### 0.0.5

* added `/file` request for loading content of single jsonl file

> * changed `replacePathServerToLocal` to return empty string in case of not starting with `./notebooks` or `./results`

Reviewer: we can say for user. removed ability to get any file from machine via ... REST APIs

> #### Frontend changes
> 
> * added option to change default view type of result group
> * added display of #display-table field in Table view type
> * added option to view last N results of Notebook
> * added validation of Notebook's parameters
> * fixed clearing of Notebook's parameters on run
> * increased width of parameters' inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* update local run with jupyter-notebook:
  * updated th2-rpt-viewer:
    * added option to change default view type of result group
    * added display of #display-table field in Table view type
    * added option to view last N results of Notebook
    * added validation of Notebook's parameters
    * fixed clearing of Notebook's parameters on run
    * increased width of parameters' inputs
```
